today I'm going to share with you a
really quick and easy pumpkin soup
recipe as I know there's a respondent's
of pumpkins out there at the moment so
all you're going to need is a pumpkin
that is sliced and diced and deseeded
and which was really easy oops okay and
you're going to eat one large brown
onion which you're going to chop up the
just quite quickly dropped you're going
to add two tablespoons of cumin our
ground cumin and you're going to need a
liter of either vegetable stock or
chicken stock which I've already made up
in this pan okay so here we are at the
pan I have got some olive oil cooking on
in there and just going to mix that
around and then you're just going to
take your bowl of onion and throw it on
in there and you're basically just going
to let that cook for about five minutes
so when the onion is nicely browned
you're then going to get your two
tablespoons of cumin and you're just
going to sprinkle that on in there and
just stir it in just make sure it gets a
well-mixed so now i'm going to get my
pumpkin and put that on pumpkin goes in
and then you are going to get your liter
of this is vegetable stock that I've
made like each handle it
struck as well and you're going to fold
that one into the pattern and just give
it a stir that all the flavors already
mixed together and once you've mixed it
all up you just let it simmer for about
20 minutes or until the pumpkin is nice
and soft while your soup is simmering
you can get the garnishes that you want
to put on top of your soup which these
are the things that I love ready which
is just to chop up some red chilli
chopped up some coriander and get some
nice natural yogurt I love to put a big
dollop of yogurt right in the middle of
it all and then sprinkle some chilies
and coriander on top and once your
pumpkin is all nice and soft you take
the whole mixture and put it in a
blender and just blend it up to however
thick you want it to be and there you
have a hearty healthy pumpkin soup thank
you so much for watching today I hope
you enjoyed that quick little recipe let
me know if you try it and also what you
think of it and I would love to hear
your pumpkin soup recipes because I know
there are so many different variations
out there and I am always up for trying
new things so let me know in the
comments below and I will see you next
time
it's good it's me it's me Anna
me